Hello, do I have a shift the night after tomorrow?
I pay three times the appearance fee
Then I will attend a party
Yeah, the day after tomorrow.
Uh uh
I'll reply to you later.
You asked me to find information on that girl
Said that the girl who was drunk in our factory last time was Xu Yan
Brother is awesome
Study fiancee
Make it clear.
Here is the information for making a wish
Haichen marries a family
His fiancé's name is Huo Chengze
Is the heir to the Huo Group
It is said that Huo Chengze likes the true scriptures of this composer who has just recognized his ancestors and returned to the sect
But Qu Yan was also confirmed that he was not the biological daughter of the Qu family
But the composer didn't mean to drive him away
I don't know what the secret is.
If you go to your clubhouse to get a cigarette and ask me
Just tell him about me
Only accompany wine, not introduce
Going out for the night with him was also the first time
First time coming out?
I'm late, I really believe it's your first time.
But why are you explaining it to him?
He thinks you are unwilling to eat
So much nonsense
No shift the night after tomorrow
Time for you